Matra lavash patel a famous akira from
india good for you
I'm gonna make my friend disappear yes I
must say AHA right Copperfield where is
he I was born in Mumbai when I was young
one of the most mind-blowing things I
discovered was that I was poor I no
longer want to do before we did all
sorts of magic
[Music]
man I am taking you to Paris with a
passport and the pic 100 euro they were
going to Paris Paris is a boxful city in
the world honey I can't find the keys to
my car and I found them so I really have
to test the living room before buying
them but boss is driving me nuts
it's the pressure getting to you
[Music]
Marie and I bonded instantaneously let's
see tomorrow under the Eiffel Tower oh
[Music]
you're in Paris we usually do it on the
cheap chance
what's definitely not on my side
there are we going London London I may
have met
yes I have to go back to Paris you're
all guards his pants on and use gentle
he is creative
why are you half-naked in my truck we're
going to be beyond
it's nice media idea you not allowed
here just send me back to bed do you
understand English we have been speaking
English
you all are illegal immigrants and you
are not I have a tourist traveling in
the world
you
[Music]